# Software-Engineering-Project
This repository is for our team to manage our version control workflow. 

# Concept of our Game: Space Game
The goal of the project is to develop a simple, but fun and challenging game wherein the player is in control of a space ship, and the goal is to survive as long as possible by avoiding the incoming obstacles via left and right movements controlled by the left and right arrows of the keyboard. The "score" of the game will be tracked by the obstacles, which are randomly generated at the top edge of the world, reaching the bottom edge of the world, increment the score, and then having the objects removed from the world (destroyed). The score will also increment when the obstacles are destroyed via a "blaster" on the player's ship, that will damage the obstacles until they are broken, which will increment the score. At certain score milestones, the speed at which the obstacles will move through the air will increase, or the durability of the rocks will increase, in order to make the game get progressively harder, as you progress throughout the game. Alongside the obstacles, different item pick-ups will randomly generate, that can either act as a boost for the player, making the game slightly easier in some way; a more powerful weapon, the movement of the ship increasing, or a temporary shield that protects the ship from the impact of one other impact. Once you lose the game, via the player's ship making contact with one of the randomly generated obstacles, the local score of the current game is translated into a currency that can be used to purchase cosmetic upgrades for your ship for new play through. There will be an initial "menu" world in which the user can select between starting a run of the game, or going to the cosmetic shop to change the color and style of the user's ship.
